Edited parameters for noaa_semantic_search workload (#637)
opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads: noaa_semantic_search/README.md

* `cluster_health` (default: "green"): The minimum required cluster health.
* `target_throughput` (default: default values for each operation): Number of requests per second, `none` for no limit.
* `search_clients`: Number of clients that issues search requests.

> * `concurrent_segment_search_enabled` (default: version dependent, "false" for 2.x or "true" for 3.x): Setting enables or disables consurrent segment search feature for the cluster. Setting is avaliable starting from version 2.12.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `concurrent_segment_search_enabled` (default: version dependent, "false" for 2.x or "true" for 3.x): Setting enables or disables concurrent segment search feature for the cluster. Setting is available starting from version 2.12.
```

The Profiling of Hybrid Query with Aggregations procedure is used to run small set of hybrid queries with aggregations to collect runtime metrics thaty can be used for analysis like profiling or debug. It does not create index or ingestg documents.
Procedure name `search-profiling`.

### Complex Hybrid Queries

> The Complex Hybrid Queries procedure is used to run set of multiple search queries with complext hybrid query with multiple sub-queries, aggregations and sort. As part of this precedure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This procedure is used to run set of multiple search queries with complex hybrid query with multiple sub-queries, aggregations and sort. As part of this procedure
```

Author: ack
